Expand the explanation for fisher bias in docs (#441)
derivkit/derivkit: docs/examples/forecasting/fisher_bias.rst

  :math:`\Delta \theta_a`.

For a conceptual overview of Fisher bias, its interpretation, and
other forecasting frameworks in DerivKit see :ref:`forecastkit-fisher-bias`.

**Note**:

> In realistic applications, ``delta_nu`` is **not** constructed by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In practice, ``delta_nu`` is **not** constructed by
```

Reviewer: You could instead refer to the description in `docs/about/kits/forecast_kit.rst` (or vice versa).
